this morning at Zurich Airport 11
aspiring a340 pilots and their four
instructors meet for the final session
of their conversion training they'll
soon be on their way but not before
conducting the outside check on a 340 HP
jmb the destination is sharing parking
airport in northern Germany where the
training flights will take place once
they are aloft the mood on board is
relaxed but the trainees level of
concentration is high in line with their
expectations and preparations producer -
Guardian P Laplace Baron Dolokhov are so
happily possible with a silky visuals of
a Panama masala Linea so toothbrush with
the dolphinarium simulator severe may go
a monopoly so team okinawa con
especially the thoroughfare but the taco
about an hour after taking off the
aircraft lands at shredding parking the
weather is fine but there is little time
to enjoy it
France was group soon takes off again
their assignment is to perform for
takeoffs and landings in what is known
as touch-and-go procedure
[Music]
after the final landing the aircraft
taxis back to the parking location the
pressure is now off everything has gone
well generally what would possess to do
a volley Reichstag estado OB artists are
employed efficient from on
Sigonella lady please a re glued on to
squirm sa pity on three more groups take
their turn performing a total of fifty
takeoffs and landings this of course
takes its toll on the equipment it's
often be a priority village on the limit
descend onto house into this vertically
down device so Toyota knows the boxes
now fly back to Zurich
flight instructor Rolf Souter reflects
on the day
as Marlon supertalk meet Putin jaylen go
to zoom felt sad alles gute basins
function eared I need the other plots in
trainieren persuade the lunchbox follow
while their vain stop correct pigma
rabbit agility harmed us booty packed
and I drove and guns gone showing the
table and it has been a special day for
all - for me there are others films and
architects develop training and in see
Helen said he doesn't betray people does
happen dear home the presenting arrived
on the asteroid missions love me to
fragrance notes on what is his final
rotation as an instructor Roth sums up
his feelings as had not really have the
light emotionality and animosity no not
his loss sinister brow her bank bar
while Sophia a fluke training see he
walking onyx to tell and if in London
and thus Warren Silesia tson finished in
on the try thousand ear Gonzalez or
NATO's gangsta for calmness yeah special
you